Funny Dialogues between Two Persons
Two terrorists having discussion in a bar,
The waiter asks them what the discussion was about.
Terrorist: We are planning to kill 14 thousand people and a donkey.
Waiter: Why a donkey?
Then one terrorist says to the other, “See I told you nobody will care about the 14 thousand people”.

David: I love her so much
Richard: She’s just 14 and you are 28
David: Age is just a number
Richard: And jail is just a room

Trainer: If an old man and a child come near your car, what will you hit?
Girl: Old man.
Trainer: Idiot. You should hit the BRAKE.


Doctor: I’m sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live.
Patient: What do you mean by 10? 10 what? Years? Months? Weeks?!
Doctor: Nine..
Patient: What?
Doctor: Eight..

Boy: Hey, you look so beautiful
Girl: Aww. Thank you. I don’t know what to say.
Boy: Just lie something, like I did.

Grandfather: When I was your age, I used to go to the market with two Rupees and bring home soap, rice, milk, bread, ghee, face powder etc.
Grandson: nowadays it is difficult. There are CCTV cameras everywhere.

A man meets an accident with his new Ferrari.
A policeman arrives.
Man: (Cried) Officer! My brand new car!
Police: You’re such a materialistic person. You even haven’t notice that your left arm has been cut off.
Man: (He looks at his left arm and yells) OMG! My Rolex watch!

SAVAGE
Girl: OMG, You look so much better when you don’t wear your glasses
Boy: Well, You look better when I don’t wear my glasses too.

Very Funny Dialogues Between Two Persons In English

Boy: (calls 911) Hello, I need your help!
911: Alright, What is it?
Boy: Two girls are fighting over me!
911: So what’s your emergency?
Boy: The ugly one is winning.

Salesgirl: Sir No smoking in the shop
Man: But I purchased cigarette from your shop.
Salesgirl: Sir we sell condoms too.

Interviewer: Do you speak English?
Applicant: Yes
Interviewer: Name?
Applicant: Gurmeet Ram and from India
Interviewer: Sex?
Applicant: Three to five times a week.
Interviewer: No, no… I mean male or female?
Applicant: Yes, male, female, sometimes Pig.
Interviewer: Holy cow!
Applicant: No Cow she is our mother and we drink her piss.
Interviewer:  But isn’t it hostile?
Applicant: Horse style, doggy style, any style!
Interviewer: Oh dear!
Applicant: No, no! Deer runs too fast.

Teacher: Anyone who thinks he’s stupid may stand up!
*Nobody stands up*
Teacher: I’m sure there are some stupid students over here!
*Little Johnny stands up*
Teacher: Oh, Johnny you think you’re stupid?
Little Johnny: No… I just feel bad that you’re standing alone.

New Teacher: All students introduce your name and hobbies
1st boy: My name is Jack and my hobby is watching the moon.
2nd boy: My name is Dave and hobby is watching the moon.
3rd boy: My name is Patrick & my hobby is watching the moon.
(All boys told their different names but the hobby was same)
New Teacher: Good, all boys have the same hobby, Now its girl’s turn.
1st girl: Hi, my name is moon…

SAVAGE
Relative: Son, what’s your age?
Guy: 25
Relative: it’s an age of marriage, son. When will you marry?
Guy: Very soon. And what’s your age, uncle?
Relative: 70
Guy: it’s an age of death, uncle. When will you die?

Teacher: Can you see God?
Student: No
Teacher: Can you touch God?
Student: No
Teacher: Then there is no God
Student: Ma’am can you see your brain?
Teacher: No
Student: Can you touch your brain?
Teacher: No
Student: Okay! No comments!!

Son: Give me money for gym
Mom: Will you become John Cena by going to the gym?
Son: Am I becoming Einstein by going to school?

Boy: hey babe can I show you something?
Girl: sure babe
Boy: can I show this in your room?
Girl: OK
Boy: can we close the window?
Girl: sure
Boy: can you close the door?
Girl: okay (grasping)
Boy: can you turn off the lights?
Girl: sure (even grasping)
Boy: grab my hand
Girl: (grab his hand) what is it, babe?
Boy: look at this, my watch can glow in the dark

Wife: Look at that drunk guy.
Husband: Who is he?
Wife: 10 years ago he proposed me and I rejected him.
Husband: Oh my God. He is still celebrating.

John: Bro I’ve invited 17 people to watch a movie, would you come?
Bro: ok John, but why so many people?
John: Because the DVD said “Only 18+ viewers.”
Bro: Wait, what?

John: Do you have a girlfriend Harry?
Harry: Yes John.
John: Nice. Where is she from?
Harry: From a different nation.
John: Oh really? Which nation?
Harry: From my imagiNATION.

Boy 1: Can a woman make you a millionaire?
Boy 2: Yes! If you are a billionaire!!

Interviewer: How much milk do these cows give?
Farmer: Which one? The Black one or the brown one?
Interviewer: Brown one.
Farmer: A couple of liters per day.
Interviewer: And the black one?
Farmer: A couple of liters per day.
Interviewer (naturally a bit flummoxed): I see. What do you give them to eat?
Farmer: Which one? Black or brown?
Interviewer: Black.
Farmer: It eats grass.
Interviewer: And the other one?
Farmer: Grass.
Interviewer (now annoyed): Why do you keep asking which one when the answers are the same?
Farmer: Because, the black one’s mine.
Interviewer: Oh, and the brown one?
Farmer: It’s also mine.

Mom: Do you think I’m a bad mom Jimmy?
Son: Mom, my name is Jack!

Einstein: I will give you a question, and you will give a question to me as well. If you can’t answer my question, you will give me $1, and if I can’t answer your question, I will give you $1000
Mr. Bean: Okay
Einstein: (Gives Mr. Bean a hard question)
Mr. Bean: (Give $1 to Einstien)
Einstein: Okay, now your turn.
Mr. Bean: What is the animal that has 4 legs, and when he crosses a street he only has 2 legs, and when he goes back, he has 5 legs?
Einstein: (Thinking very hard) I give up. I can’t answer that. (Einstein gives Mr. Bean $1000)
Einstein: But what animal is that, Mr. Bean?
Mr. Bean: (Gives $1 to Einstein)

Wife was in the ICU
Doctor: It seems she is in a coma
Husband: Please save her doctor. She is just 30
Suddenly the ECG started beeping, a hand moved and her lips mumbled.
And she spoke: I’m not 30, I’m just 29.

Graham Alexander Bell: I used to study under a candle
William Shakespeare: I used to study under street light
Mr. Bean: What did you guys do during the daytime?

Interviewer: Introduce yourself
Boy: My father’s name is Laughing
Boy: My mother’s name is Smiling
Interviewer: Are you kidding?
Boy: No, he’s my cousin and I’m Joking.