Food
Casual phrases about food.

Let’s eat out today.
This cafe is not available for dining in, but you can order a take out.
I reserved a table for four people at 7pm today.
I’d like this salad and some water, please.
Excuse me, where is the restroom?
The food is delicious, thank you.
Here is your receipt.

It’s a simple, one-pot recipe.
First, preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius.
I only have one pot and one frying pan.
I bought a set of eight spoons, four forks, and four knifes.
I also bought a set of eight bowls, four dinner plates, and four dessert plates.
This new coffeemaker brews coffee in two minutes.
Add boiling water and steep for three minutes.
Slice the onions and chop the herbs.
Remove the wrap before microwaving.
Wash in warm, soapy water.
Add the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly.
Pour the mixture into a bowl.
Remove the remaining beans from the can and refrigerate in a different container.
Cover with a lid and simmer for 20 minutes.
Grate some cheese on top of the pizza.
Peel the onion before dicing.
This blender is not powerful enough.
You should remove bread crumbs from the toaster once in a while.
Spread some butter on a toast.
Let it cool for five minutes before cutting.
Keep frozen; don’t refreeze.
Thaw at the room temperature for two hours.

This five-course meal is too big for me.
I eat snacks between meals.
He drinks a cup of coffee every morning, but I prefer some tea.
For breakfast I usually eat cereal, and she eats eggs.
He likes cereal with milk, and I like eggs with sausage.
Do you want some cream and sugar in your coffee?
I’m going to make some fresh-squeezed orange juice. Would you like some?
Let’s go to the market and buy some fruits: apples, pears, bananas, and grapes.
No, I’d rather buy some berries: strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries.
She eats soup every day; the tomato basil soup is her favorite.
My sister loves seafood, especially fish and shrimp.
And my husband prefers meat - beef and lamb, in particular.
What should I put on the side: mashed potatoes or rice?
I’m making enchiladas today; I already have tortillas, beans, cheese, tomatoes, and corn.
I’m going to add olive oil to my salad.
Freshly-baked bread is my favorite food.
We have beer, wine, and tequila for the party.
He is making a non-alcoholic cocktail for her.
To make pasta I need spaghetti, cream, cheese, and mushrooms.
We have homemade vanilla ice cream.
For this vegetable soup you need potatoes, onions, garlic, zucchini, carrots, and eggplant.