Casual Phrases - Weather
Casual phrases about weather.
They lost their house in the flood last year.
It rains a lot here - it reminds me of London.
Storm is coming. Expect heavy rain, strong wind, and possibility of hail.
I’m saving money to buy an air-conditioner before summer.
It started to rain, but I forgot my umbrella. Luckily, I was wearing a coat with a hood.
It’s going to be warm and sunny tomorrow.
It’s going to rain all day today. I think I’ll wear my waterproof jacket and rain boots.
They had to be evacuated from the ship after it had hit an iceberg.
You can see a rainbow when it’s sunny and rainy at the same time.
It’s a southern city - it barely ever snows here.
It’s not rain - it’s just a drizzle.
Take extreme caution while driving on icy roads.
She applies sunscreen every time she goes to the beach.
I can’t find my ice skates, but my friends are already waiting for me in Central Park.
Constant rain puts me in a depressive mood.
We have sunny weather only three months a year here.
Hurricanes are not uncommon in this area, and people are usually prepared and know how to stay safe.
It’s too hot and humid here for me.
I love Mexico because it’s always warm and sunny here.
Many roads are closed today because of the heavy snowfall last night.
Mountain skiing is getting more and more popular here.
Dry air and hot weather cause forest fires in California.
I like sunny weather, but I get sunburned easily.
As far as I remember, it snowed only once here.
How lucky they were to leave Costa Rica just before the volcano eruption started.
Rain boots are very popular this season - they come in all styles and colors.
You are not going to believe it, but I’m allergic to sun.
These snowflakes in you hair make you look adorable.
Earthquakes and volcano eruptions can cause deadly tsunamis.
You should wear gloves next time.
No, we don’t have snow here; it’s only up in the mountains.
Rainwater makes your hair very soft.
It rains so often that I don’t notice it anymore.
My roof leaked yesterday night because of the pouring rain.
Arctic animals are endangered because sea ice is disappearing.
I’m glad it’s sunny again.
I can’t wait for winter to come. I’ll go skiing and snowboarding.
My kids love snow. They always build a snowman in front of our house.