Millennial Life: Eat, Sleep, Work, Screens

Would you give up nearly a decade of your life looking at your cellphone?
Calculated by today’s usage, the average person spends a little over 76,500 hours – or 8.74 years – on a smartphone over a lifetime, according to a recent study by a mobile device comparison site, WhistleOut.
Unsurprisingly, millennials (born 1981 to 1996) spend the most time on their phones with an average of about 3.7 hours per day. When subtracting the average sleep time for adults (around nine hours), this amounts to almost one-fourth (23.1%) of their waking lives on a screen.
Generation X (born 1965 to 1980) comes in second with an average of about three hours per day, which amounts to 16.5% of their waking lives. Boomers (1946 to 1965) spend the least amount of time on their phones, with an average of 2.5 hours per day, factoring to about 9.9% of their waking lives.
However, the new generation, Generation Z (born after 1996), seems to dominate their precursors in smartphone usage and screen time: 95% of teens age 13 to 17 reported having a smartphone or having access to one, and 45% reported they are online constantly, according to a 2018 Pew Research study.
In a Twitter thread by a popular American YouTuber, Mr. Beast, fans shared their screen time reports, including how many hours they spend on their phones and what apps they used the most. Some reported screen time of well over 10 hours a day.
The majority of teens aged 13 to 17 (91%) say they use their phones to pass time, but a large share of them also say they use them to connect with others (84%) or learn new things (83%), according to Pew Research.  
This widespread usage of smartphones has sparked worries among teens themselves, with 54% of U.S. teens saying they spend too much time on their phones. And 52% have also reported trying to take steps to reduce mobile phone use. 
A JAMA Network study found that only 5% of 59,397 U.S. high school students surveyed spent a balanced time sleeping and staying physically active while limiting screen time.
Too much time on a phone has been linked to a number of physical and mental health risks.
In a study of 3,826 adolescents, researchers found an association between social media and television use with symptoms of depression, according to JAMA Pediatrics.
Increased screen time has also been linked with a higher risk of obesity and diabetes.


Australia Showcases Diverse Indigenous Languages

A new project is celebrating the linguistic culture of Australia's Aboriginal communities by working to introduce Australians to everyday words and phrases from hundreds of Indigenous languages.
The 50 Words Project is an interactive online language map. Words and phrases from across the continent are brought to life with recordings from Indigenous speakers. It is run by the University of Melbourne's Research Unit for Indigenous Language and aims to maintain linguistic and cultural heritage. 
Jill Vaughan from the academic unit says she hopes it will help more Australians understand rich linguistic traditions. 
"It is, unfortunately, quite a common misconception that there is only one Indigenous Australian language, when, in fact, there are hundreds of languages, each with thousands and thousands of words," she said. "It is also the case that for some Australians, they assume that Indigenous languages are just a relic of the past, and this isn't the case at all."  
Researchers say the sounds used in Australia's Indigenous languages are very similar across the country. Neighboring communities, however, can have very different words for the same things. 
Some Indigenous languages in Australia have faded away since European colonization, while others are spoken by just a handful of people and are considered critically endangered. Until the 1970s, government policies banned and discouraged Aboriginal people from speaking their mother tongues. 
Indigenous communities consider languages to be living things that connect people to their land, culture and the spirits of their ancestors.   
Aboriginal history in Australia dates back up to 65,000 years. Indigenous people make up about 3% of the national population of 25 million. 


Holidays and Travel

What holidays do you have in Spain?
It’s my sister’s birthday today! She’s turning six.
I’ll buy a present for my brother and you can buy a cake.
We organized a surprise party for my daughter. We invited her friends and decorated the room with balloons.
Our kids helped us decorate the Christmas tree this year.
When the kids came back, their presents were waiting for them under the Christmas tree.
My wife raised a glass of champagne and said “Happy New Year!”.
When the clock turned midnight, I made a wish and kissed my husband.
The sky was full of fireworks, which I loved, but my dog got scared and ran away.
My New Year resolutions this year include eating more vegetables and working out every other day.
Today is my sister’s graduation. She’s going to be a doctor!
My best friends just got married. They left for their honeymoon right after the wedding.
My parents love each other very much. They are celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary this year.
My cousin had her first baby last week. They named the boy Adam.
My company hired a new accountant two months ago, but he wants to quit already.
My grandmother retired a year ago, and she thinks she did it too early.
My little brother just got his drivers license. I hope he won’t drive too fast!
I’m surprised my kids hate the kindergarten that much! 
How are your children? Do they like the school?
Did you make a lot of friends at school?
It took me fifteen years to get citizenship in this country. 
I’m not going anywhere this weekend. I’ll make dinner and do chores.
My kids are having a break from school next month. We decided to stay local, but I promised them to go to Peru next year.
Every time I plan my travel, I need to ask someone to take care of my pets.
I left my cat for three days and, when I came back, I found him in my neighbors’ apartment!
In my free time I like exploring the city.
I’m so glad we’ve moved here. I swim in the ocean every day, and the traffic is light.
How long have you lived here? 
My apartment is small, but the rent is affordable and the neighborhood is safe.
My brother is self-employed. He always works from home.
We wanted to travel somewhere for the holiday, but plane tickets were too expensive.
China is my favorite travel destination. I try to go there every year.
No, I’ve never been there. Would you recommend this place?
What did you like the most about your trip there?
I didn’t know I needed to get these vaccines before traveling.
I have a reservation in your hotel. 
I’m sorry, could you repeat that, please? 
I understand Spanish a little, but could you speak a little slower?
How much do people usually tip?
No, I’m not from here. I’m just visiting.
Where can I exchange money?
What is the exchange rate today?
The weather was beautiful, people - friendly, and food - delicious. I wish I didn’t have to leave so soon.
What are the main attractions here? How can I get there?
Excuse me, I think I’m lost. 
I’m looking for this hotel. Could you help me find the way?
This place is very popular. I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many tourists!
The kids are on the beach, and my wife is doing the shopping right now.
Tomorrow morning we are checking out from the hotel and leaving for Madrid. After that, we are going back home.
There is no direct flight. We are going to have a layover in Los Angeles.
Here are our passports with the visas, our boarding passes, itinerary, and reservation confirmations. What else do we need?
They are closing the doors in five minutes, hurry!


Family and friends

My family consists of five people: my wife, daughter, two sons, and me.
I have twelve cousins.
The kids love their grandparents.
The boy resembles his grandfather.
I wish our grandchildren visited us more often.
Sister of my mother is my aunt; brother of my mother is my uncle.
Daughter of my brother is my niece; son of my brother is my nephew.
Mother of my husband is my mother-in-law; father of my husband is my father-in-law.
He is my best friend. We know each other since we were five.
She is friendly.
Thank you for making me company.
I spend a lot of time with this company.
We don’t know them very well. We met them yesterday.
I’m not very social and I don’t have many friends.
Your friendship is very important to me.
I’m having fun with them.
We have a lot in common with these people.
Let’s stay in touch?
She is my significant other.
You are my girlfriend and I’m your boyfriend.
We are partners.
She is the love of my life.
It’s our first date.
We’ve been dating for three years.
Do you remember how we first met?
