Casual Phrases - Weather
Casual phrases about weather.

I’m glad it’s sunny again.
It’s going to be warm and sunny tomorrow.
I love Mexico because it’s always warm and sunny here.
I like sunny weather, but I get sunburned easily.
You are not going to believe it, but I’m allergic to sun.
We have sunny weather only three months a year here.
Didn’t you know that you should apply sunscreen on your face every day?
When it’s sunny and rainy at the same time, you can see a rainbow.
It’s too hot and humid here for me.
I don’t like when it’s hot because I don’t have an air-conditioner.

It’s rains a lot here - reminds me of London.
Storm is coming; expect heavy rain, strong wind, and possibility of hail.
It’s not rain - it’s just a drizzle.
You don’t need an umbrella; a hooded raincoat will do.
Constant rain puts me in a depressive mood.
It rains so often that I don’t notice it anymore.
We collect rainwater and use it for washing and drinking after filtering. It also makes your hair very soft.
Having rain ten months a year, one might invest in a waterproof jacket and rain boots.
My roof leaked yesterday night because of the pouring rain. 
Rain boots are very popular this season - they come in all styles and colors.

Snow is an anomaly here. It snowed only once, in 1995, as far as I remember.
My kids love snow; they always build a snowman in front of our house.
Take extreme caution while driving on icy roads.
I can’t wait for winter to come to do skiing and snowboarding.
No, we don’t have snow here; it’s only up in the mountains.
You might be having frostbites. You should wear mittens next time.
These snowflakes in you hair make you look adorable.
I can’t find my ice skates, but my friends are already waiting for me in Central Park.
Cross-country skiing is getting more and more popular here. These are ski poles - you will need them for balance and support.
You can’t drive your car today. Roads are covered with snow and you need special tires.

We had hail last night and it destroyed leafy greens in my garden.
Hurricanes are not uncommon in this area, and people are usually prepared and know how to behave to stay safe.
Earthquakes and volcano eruptions can cause deadly tsunamis.
They lost their house in the flooding last year.
Dry air and hot weather in California causes forest fires to become more and more frequent.
As an earthquake survivor, he developed a sense of insecurity and has frequent panic attacks.
How lucky they were to leave Costa Rica just before the volcano eruption started.
I stoped eating meat and drive less to help with the problem of global warming.
They had to be evacuated from the ship when it hit an iceberg.
Sea ice is disappearing, which creates a real danger to arctic animals.