Aspiring Americans Face Tougher Citizenship Test

 WASHINGTON - U.S. legal permanent residents on the path to naturalization will now be required to take a longer and more complex citizenship test. 

The new civics test is drawn from 128 questions test takers must be prepared to answer about American history and government, up from 100 questions previously. Anyone who applies for U.S. naturalization after December 1, 2020, must take the new version. 

U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), a federal agency under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that administers the country's naturalization and immigration system, announced in 2019 it was improving the naturalization civics test for the first time since 2008. It made the move official last week. 

“Updating, maintaining, and improving a test that is current and relevant is our responsibility as an agency in order to help potential new citizens fully understand the meaning of U.S. citizenship and the values that unite all Americans,” Ken Cuccinelli, who was then serving as USCIS acting director, said in a statement. 

Applicants must answer 12 out of 20 questions correctly to pass instead of the previous six out of 10.

“But you are asked all 20 questions,” said Nancy Newton, program director of the Citizen Preparation Program at Montgomery College, a public community college in Montgomery County, Maryland.

Passing the naturalization test is the final requirement for legal permanent residents, also known as green card holders, to become American citizens. The test is given orally during the naturalization interview, one of the final stages of the citizenship process.

Newton told VOA the new test will require greater English proficiency, shifting from a high-beginning level of English to a high-intermediate level. 

With the assistance of a DHS grant and a partnership with local nonprofits, the Citizen Preparation Program helps about 300 legal permanent residents every year. Legal permanent residents eligible to naturalize spend months studying for the citizenship test.

“What we need to ensure is that our learners know exactly what is required of them. And that we prepare them as best we can,” Newton said.

What’s new?

While doubling the number of test questions, USCIS said the passing score will remain at 60%. While many questions have not changed, some have been reworded and others will require additional explanation in the answers.

The former test asked, “There were 13 original states, name three.” The revised version says “There were 13 original states. Name five.”

Instead of “What are two rights of everyone living in the United States?,” an applicant must answer “What are three rights of everyone living in the United States?”

Some immigrant advocates criticized the test, saying some questions have been made more difficult without evidence there was a need for it. 

The questions have also taken on a “subtle political stance,” wrote Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy counsel at the American Immigration Council.

“One question in particular raises concerns of politicization. On the old test, applicants could be asked ‘Who does a U.S. senator represent?’ The suggested answer was ‘all people of the state.’ On the new test, the suggested answer is ‘citizens of their state.’” Reichlin-Melnick wrote adding “This is not correct. Members of Congress represent everyone who lives within their district, regardless of citizenship status. It’s been that way since the nation was founded.”

It is not known whether President-elect Joe Biden will undo any changes in the civics test. 

A 2018 Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation found that only one in three U.S.-born citizens would pass the test.  

USCIS said it finalized the test with the help of community-based organizations and volunteers across the country in summer 2020. 

“The data collected from this pilot was used to help USCIS make determinations about the language and grammatical structure of individual test items,” the agency said.

Montgomery College was part of the pilot program, and Newton said applicants agreed the wording of the questions was different but “it wasn't something that was completely alien to them in terms of English language ability.”

“Whilst we may think that the new test is more challenging than the current one, our learners are immigrants [and] have been through so much to get to this stage. There is so much that comes before even getting an application in to become a citizen. We'll get through this. We'll get through this together as a community,” Newton said.

Mysterious Metallic Monolith Found in Remote Utah 

In a scene that could have been taken from the science fiction classic “2001: A Space Odyssey,” officials in Utah have discovered a mysterious metallic monolith in the remote southeastern part of the state.

Public safety workers spotted the object November 18 from a helicopter while conducting a count of bighorn sheep, according to a news statement.

So far, there is no indication of who could have placed the 3- to 3.6-meter-tall monolith in that location.

“It is illegal to install structures or art without authorization on federally managed public lands, no matter what planet you’re from,” the Utah Department of Public Safety said in a statement.

“That’s been about the strangest thing that I’ve come across out there in all my years of flying,” pilot Bret Hutchings told KSL-TV.

He added that the object appeared to be manmade and probably did not have any scientific purpose, calling it “more of an art form than any kind of alien life form.”

For now, officials are not revealing the exact location of the monolith and are trying to determine if further investigation is needed.


Hobbies and sports

What do you do in your spare time?
What’s your favorite hobby?
What do you do outside of work?
I feel that I never have enough time for hobbies.
I like watching TV at home or going to the movies.
She enjoys jogging, biking, and doing yoga.
He prefers boxing and martial arts.
My grandmother loves knitting, sewing, and crocheting.
My parents go for a walk together every day.
I’m taking tango classes.
My brother likes exciting activities, such as bungee-jumping and skydiving.
We do winter sports with my family. We go skating, skiing, and snowboarding.
My cousin likes watercolor painting and charcoal drawing.
My sister is great at calligraphy and origami.
I read books every day.
I usually hang out with my friends at the bar.
This Sunday we have a romantic dinner at a restaurant.
On Fridays we go to clubs where we dance and have a couple of drinks.
My wife and I work out in the gym.
When I go to the beach, I swim in the ocean, sunbathe, and surf.
My mother likes going to museums and exhibitions.
My daughter prefers art galleries.
This couple plays ping-pong and pool every weekend.
My father has an artistic nature. Right now, he does photography.
I’m not good at sports, but I like watching ice hockey on TV.
My wife is a fantastic cook.
Last night we went to the opera. I love classical music.
In the evenings I listen to relaxing music and take a bath.
I get very tired at work, so I come home and do nothing.
My son is learning to play guitar, piano, and other musical instruments.
In my spare time I study Spanish.

What is your favorite sport to watch?
Do you do any sports?
My sister plays tennis and my brother plays ping-pong.
We are going to the stadium to watch baseball.
My son is in a basketball team.
My wife is a professional athlete.
He likes water polo and she likes swimming.
We play volleyball with friends on the beach.
Our children like winter sports: my son plays hockey, my daughter does figure-skating, and I cheer for everyone.

What is your favorite movie?
Are you watching any interesting TV shows?
My favorite actor and my favorite actress are married to each other.
The scene was so touching - I almost cried.
It’s the best psychological thriller of the year.
Sitcom comedies are very popular.
I don’t let my kids watch horror movies.
The second season is coming this September.
I watched the first episode and I didn’t like it.
This plot twist was truly unexpected.


Food

Let’s eat out today.
This cafe is not available for dining in, but you can order a take out.
I reserved a table for four people at 7pm today.
I’d like this salad and some water, please.
Excuse me, where is the restroom?
The food is delicious, thank you.
Here is your receipt.

It’s a simple, one-pot recipe.
First, preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius.
I only have one pot and one frying pan.
I bought a set of eight spoons, four forks, and four knifes.
I also bought a set of eight bowls, four dinner plates, and four dessert plates.
This new coffeemaker brews coffee in two minutes.
Add boiling water and steep for three minutes.
Slice the onions and chop the herbs.
Remove the wrap before microwaving.
Wash in warm, soapy water.
Add the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly.
Pour the mixture into a bowl.
Remove the remaining beans from the can and refrigerate in a different container.
Cover with a lid and simmer for 20 minutes.
Grate some cheese on top of the pizza.
Peel the onion before dicing.
This blender is not powerful enough.
You should remove bread crumbs from the toaster once in a while.
Spread some butter on a toast.
Let it cool for five minutes before cutting.
Keep frozen; don’t refreeze.
Thaw at the room temperature for two hours.

This five-course meal is too big for me.
I eat snacks between meals.
He drinks a cup of coffee every morning, but I prefer some tea.
For breakfast I usually eat cereal, and she eats eggs.
He likes cereal with milk, and I like eggs with sausage.
Do you want some cream and sugar in your coffee?
I’m going to make some fresh-squeezed orange juice. Would you like some?
Let’s go to the market and buy some fruits: apples, pears, bananas, and grapes.
No, I’d rather buy some berries: strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries.
She eats soup every day; the tomato basil soup is her favorite.
My sister loves seafood, especially fish and shrimp.
And my husband prefers meat - beef and lamb, in particular.
What should I put on the side: mashed potatoes or rice?
I’m making enchiladas today; I already have tortillas, beans, cheese, tomatoes, and corn.
I’m going to add olive oil to my salad.
Freshly-baked bread is my favorite food.
We have beer, wine, and tequila for the party.
He is making a non-alcoholic cocktail for her.
To make pasta I need spaghetti, cream, cheese, and mushrooms.
We have homemade vanilla ice cream.
For this vegetable soup you need potatoes, onions, garlic, zucchini, carrots, and eggplant.