House

My apartment is small, but cozy.
My brother has a big house with three bedrooms and three bathrooms.
This is my kitchen where I cook.
My family gets together in the living room to watch movies every Sunday.
The elevator is broken again.
I usually take the stairs instead of the elevator.
My kids have their own rooms.
The bathroom is on the right.
The room has lots of light due to big windows.
This room has an unobstructed view of the mountains.
We gather in front of the fireplace during cold winter months.
This is my address and this is my telephone number.
I’m waiting for a mailman to bring me an important letter.
The dog is in the yard.
I grow vegetables, herbs, and flowers in my garden.
I picked this room because it has a balcony.
I relax in the pool on hot summer days.
I mow the lawn every Saturday.
The car is parked in the garage.
I sit on the sofa in front of the TV.
We bought a dining table and four chairs.
Let’s make an omelet; eggs should be in the fridge.
I hate washing dishes. I’d rather do anything else.
I’m going to wash my clothes by hand because the washing machine is broken.
Would you rather have a shower or a bathtub in your bathroom?
In my study I have a desk, an office chair, a computer, and a bookshelf.
She walked into the closet and put her clothes on the hangers.
Could you turn on the lights, please?
My aunt painted these pictures, and my uncle put them on the wall.
Should we put curtains on this window?
Fresh towels are on the shelf.
This pillow is too small. I need another one.
I’m freezing. Can I have an extra blanket, please?
Put the pie in the oven and bake it for forty minutes.
Is there a vacuum cleaner? The carpet needs cleaning.
I heard someone knocking on the door.

Pets

I always dreamed of having a cat.
My cat purrs when I pet her.
What a lovely kitten! What is his name?
My cat loves ice-cream, but I’m not sure if it’s good for him.
Cats like to play with yarn.
This kitten’s paws are so soft; it’s unbelievable.
When a cat wags its tail, it’s not a good sign and you should back off.
What breed is your dog?
What a cute puppy! He is adorable. Can I pet him?
My dog was a stray before I brought him home.
I need to take my dog for a walk.
No, you can’t give chocolate to dogs.
This dog may look scary, but he would never hurt a fly.
Our dog destroyed all our furniture, but we love him no matter what.
Is it possible to travel by plane with a dog?
Are dogs allowed inside?
He barks every time he hears noise outside.
The dog smells. We need to give him a bath.
Do you need to brush dog’s teeth?
Loosen up the collar - it’s too tight.
Do you have any pets?
Sorry, pets are not allowed here.
I have an emerald lizard at home.
I have a fresh water fish tank with tropical fish.
I have a parrot who can talk. It took me years to teach him!
Can you keep a turtle as a pet?
Rodents make perfect pets.
Pets require constant care, and you may need to take them to a vet when they are sick.
My son almost cried of excitement when he saw this puppy.
My kids take care of the dog. It’s their responsibility.

Work

I’m a lawyer. I love my job, but it’s a little stressful.
My brother is an architect. He finds it very interesting.
My uncle is a professor. He teaches economy.
She works in construction. She’s been doing it for 20 years.
My son has flexible working hours because he is a freelancer. 
I’m a flight attendant. The best part about it is that I get to travel.
My father-in-law is a very successful businessman.
My mother is an interior designer. She has a great taste!
I’m a salesman. My income depends on commission.
She is a waitress. She makes most of her money off tips.
I work in this office building.
I work in an open-space environment. It’s fine, but sometimes it’s a little too loud.
I don’t like sitting too much, so I got myself a standing desk.
This is my cubicle; it’s nice but small.
We are required to dress formally to work.
Our dress code is casual. You can wear whatever makes you comfortable.
I spent one hour in traffic on my way to the office.
He has to wear a suit and a tie every day.
On my desk I have a computer, a monitor, a keyboard, and a mouse.
I need some office supplies. Where can I get them?
I’m going to grab a cup of coffee downstairs. Would you like to join me?
My job has nice opportunities for growth, and the salary is good.
My career is very important to me.
Our working hours are from 9am to 6pm with one hour break for lunch.
Her excellent work last year earned her a promotion.
He is my teammate, and she is our manager.
We collaborate with many different people on this project.
I’m getting ready for my job interview next week.
I hope this interview went well. When should I expect to hear back from you?
Do you have time for a quick call?
This was very helpful, thank you.



NASA's Mars Helicopter Takes First Successful Test Flight
[[Please don't translate Ingenuity, Perseverance, NASA]]

The U.S. space agency, NASA, Monday received images and data confirming its small helicopter, Ingenuity, successfully performed the first controlled powered flight of an aircraft on a planet other than Earth.
Scientists in the control room at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) at the California Institute of Technology burst into applause and cheers when data confirmed Ingenuity had successfully spun its rotors, lifted off to a height of three meters and landed safely back on the surface of Mars.
A picture taken by the small craft of its own shadow on the ground below it arrived seconds later, as did video of the flight taken by NASA’s Perseverance rover probe several meters away. 
Ingenuity, weighing a mere 1.8 kilograms, was stowed away on the Perseverance when it landed on Mars in February. It was unfolded and dropped from the rover about two weeks ago to prepare its launch.
The first test of the helicopter had been scheduled for more than a week ago, but a software problem was discovered that required an update.
The helicopter is considered by NASA to be a technology demonstration, designed to test a new capability — in this case, flight in the thin Martian atmosphere — for the first time. It has specially designed rotors that spin much faster than they would have to on Earth to achieve flight. It also has innovative batteries and solar cells for recharging. 
Aside from cameras, Ingenuity carries no scientific instruments.


Poet Louise Gluck Wins Nobel Prize in Literature

American poet Louise Glück has won this year’s Nobel Prize in literature.
The Swedish Academy praised Glück’s “unmistakable poetic voice that with austere beauty makes individual existence universal.”
Glück has published 12 poetry collections, and her previous honors include the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award.
The literature prize is just one of a group given out this week. Each comes with a $1.1 million cash award.
Friday brings the announcement of the Nobel Peace Prize.
The prize in chemistry was awarded to two scientists for developing a method of gene editing.
Three scientists won the physics prize Wednesday for their discoveries related to black holes.  
Three scientists also shared the medicine prize for the discovery of the Hepatitis C virus.
