Quotes From Books - Harry Potter
A collection of memorable quotes from books about Harry Potter.

"Yer a wizard Harry." ― Rubeus Hagrid
“There’s no need to call me ‘sir,’ Professor.” – Harry Potter
"I must not tell lies." - Dolores Umbridge/Harry Potter
“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.” – Albus Dumbledore
"We could all have been killed — or worse, expelled." ― Hermione Granger
“Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.” – Albus Dumbledore
“We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.” – Albus Dumbledore
“We’re with you whatever happens.” – Ron Weasley
“If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.” – Sirius Black
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” – Albus Dumbledore
“No good sittin’ worryin’ abou’ it. What’s comin’ will come, an’ we’ll meet it when it does.” — Rubeus Hagrid
“It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.” — Albus Dumbledore
“Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.” — Albus Dumbledore
“Time is Galleons, little brother.” – Fred Weasley
“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.” – Albus Dumbledore
“There’s things more importan’ than keepin’ a job.” – Rubeus Hagrid
“I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts... but you cannot deny he’s got style...” – Phineas Nigellus
“It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.” – Albus Dumbledore
"Those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it." - Albus Dumbledore
“Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.” – Albus Dumbledore
"Dobby is free." — Dobby
"Hearing voices no one else can hear isn’t a good sign, even in the wizarding world." — Ron Weasley
"I solemnly swear I am up to no good." ― The Marauders
"Mischief Managed!" — The Marauders
"Why, dear boy, we don’t send wizards to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts." — Cornelius Fudge
"Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have." ― Hermione Granger
"You’re just as sane as I am." — Luna Lovegood
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" ― Albus Dumbledore
