Holidays and Travel
Casual phrases about holidays and travel.

What holidays do you have in Spain?
It’s my sister’s birthday today! She’s turning six.
I’ll buy a present for my brother and you can buy a cake.
We organized a surprise party for my daughter. We invited her friends and decorated the room with balloons.
Our kids helped us decorate the Christmas tree this year.
When the kids came back, their presents were waiting for them under the Christmas tree.
My wife raised a glass of champagne and said “Happy New Year!”.
When the clock turned midnight, I made a wish and kissed my husband.
The sky was full of fireworks, which I loved, but my dog got scared and ran away.
My New Year resolutions this year include eating more vegetables and working out every other day.
Today is my sister’s graduation. She’s going to be a doctor!
My best friends just got married. They left for their honeymoon right after the wedding.
My parents love each other very much. They are celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary this year.
My cousin had her first baby last week. They named the boy Adam.
My company hired a new accountant two months ago, but he wants to quit already.
My grandmother retired a year ago, and she thinks she did it too early.
My little brother just got his drivers license. I hope he won’t drive too fast!
I’m surprised my kids hate the kindergarten that much! 
How are your children? Do they like the school?
Did you make a lot of friends at school?
It took me fifteen years to get citizenship in this country. 
I’m not going anywhere this weekend. I’ll make dinner and do chores.
My kids are having a break from school next month. We decided to stay local, but I promised them to go to Peru next year.
Every time I plan my travel, I need to ask someone to take care of my pets.
I left my cat for three days and, when I came back, I found him in my neighbors’ apartment!
In my free time I like exploring the city.
I’m so glad we’ve moved here. I swim in the ocean every day, and the traffic is light.
How long have you lived here? 
My apartment is small, but the rent is affordable and the neighborhood is safe.
My brother is self-employed. He always works from home.
We wanted to travel somewhere for the holiday, but plane tickets were too expensive.
China is my favorite travel destination. I try to go there every year.
No, I’ve never been there. Would you recommend this place?
What did you like the most about your trip there?
I didn’t know I needed to get these vaccines before traveling.
I have a reservation in your hotel. 
I’m sorry, could you repeat that, please? 
I understand Spanish a little, but could you speak a little slower?
How much do people usually tip?
No, I’m not from here. I’m just visiting.
Where can I exchange money?
What is the exchange rate today?
The weather was beautiful, people - friendly, and food - delicious. I wish I didn’t have to leave so soon.
What are the main attractions here? How can I get there?
Excuse me, I think I’m lost. 
I’m looking for this hotel. Could you help me find the way?
This place is very popular. I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many tourists!
The kids are on the beach, and my wife is doing the shopping right now.
Tomorrow morning we are checking out from the hotel and leaving for Madrid. After that, we are going back home.
There is no direct flight. We are going to have a layover in Los Angeles.
Here are our passports with the visas, our boarding passes, itinerary, and reservation confirmations. What else do we need?
They are closing the doors in five minutes, hurry!